Project readme update - update command count reference (#9228)
dataplat/dbatools: readme.md

## Getting Started

> <img align="left" src=bin/dbatools.png alt="dbatools logo">  dbatools is PowerShell module that you may think of like a command-line SQL Server Management Studio. The project initially started out as just `Start-SqlMigration.ps1`, but has now grown into a collection of [over 700 commands](https://dbatools.io/commands) that help automate SQL Server tasks and encourage best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img align="left" src=bin/dbatools.png alt="dbatools logo">  dbatools is PowerShell module that you may think of like a command-line SQL Server Management Studio. The project initially started out as just `Start-SqlMigration.ps1`, but as of our v2 release has grown into a collection of [over 700 commands](https://dbatools.io/commands) that help automate SQL Server tasks and encourage best practices.
```

> <img align="left" src=bin/dbatools.png alt="dbatools logo">  dbatools is PowerShell module that you may think of like a command-line SQL Server Management Studio. The project initially started out as just `Start-SqlMigration.ps1`, but as of our 2.0 version release has grown into a collection of [over 700 commands](https://dbatools.io/commands) that help automate SQL Server tasks and encourage best practices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img align="left" src=bin/dbatools.png alt="dbatools logo">  dbatools is PowerShell module that you may think of like a command-line SQL Server Management Studio. The project initially started out as just `Start-SqlMigration.ps1`, but as of our 2.0 version release has grown into a collection of [nearly 700 commands](https://dbatools.io/commands) that help automate SQL Server tasks and encourage best practices.
```
